AC docs: add info about compatibility with api 1.0 (#3333)
openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo: tools/accuracy_checker/openvino/tools/accuracy_checker/launcher/openvino_launcher_readme.md

```yml
launchers:
  - framework: dlsdk
    device: CPU
    model: path_to_model/alexnet.xml
    weights: path_to_weights/alexnet.bin
    adapter: classification
```

# Migrate Accuracy Checker configuration from OpenVINO™ API 1.0 to 2.0

> Both `openvino   and `dlsdk` launchers  supports execution models in OpenVINO™ IR v10 and OpenVINO™ IR v11 formats, but in some cases for successful launching, you need adjust configuration previously used with API 1.0:

Author: ```suggestion
Both `openvino`   and `dlsdk` launchers  supports execution models in OpenVINO™ IR v10 and OpenVINO™ IR v11 formats, but in some cases for successful launching, you need adjust configuration previously used with API 1.0:
```

> 1. After conversion model to IR v11, align output names in `adapter` if they are specified.
> 2. If model inputs layout is different for APIs (e.g. for Tensorflow\* converted IR v11 with NHWC input layout, no conversion to NCHW with API 2.0 by default) and it specified in `inputs` section of launcher config (or override them using command line parameter `--layout`).

Author: ```suggestion
1. Align output names in `adapter` if they are specified according to the launcher expected.
2. If model inputs layout is different for APIs (e.g. for Tensorflow\* converted IR v11 with NHWC input layout, no conversion to NCHW with API 2.0 by default) and it specified in `inputs` section of launcher config (or override it using command line parameter `--layout`).
```

> 3. Change `framework` field is optional, you can switch between launchers just using `--use_new_api` parameter (if it is set to `True`, then `dlsdk` will be switched to `openvino` if additional configuration for `openvino` launcher is not provided in the config. Setting parameter to `False works in opposite manner). Command line argument `--target_frameworks`(`-tf)` behaviour is also aligned with this logic for filtering configuration.

Author: ```suggestion
3. Change `framework` field is optional, you can switch between launchers just using `--use_new_api` parameter (if it is set to `True`, then `dlsdk` will be switched to `openvino` if additional configuration for `openvino` launcher is not provided in the config. Setting parameter to `False` works in opposite manner). Command line argument `--target_frameworks`(`-tf)` behaviour is also aligned with this logic for filtering configuration.
```
